### Date of the meeting: December 12, 2019

**Call Time**: 14 UTC / 17 UTC

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

### Attendees

- Christina (chair)
- Aleks Nenadic
- Gabriel
- Elizabeth Wickes
- Sarah Stevens
- Bianca Peterson
- Jesse A Lambertson (notetaker)
- Silvia
- Ouso

### Apologies

- Jessica 

### Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)
  
1. Finishing inter-dependent tasks / holiday schedule
1. Sponsorship reach-out "kit" is set to go!
1. Financial Aid Form Review: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3vWlTy79TXAboT6VPElllq6ggYsSEb5QairmhU01kOHD_Dg/viewform +1
1. Other Subcommittee Updates (fill in as needed!)
    1. Accessibility
    1. Budget
    1. Communications/Content
    1. Program
    1. Outreach/Website
    1. Local
1. Co-chairs/Staff Updates
  
### Minutes from the Discussion:

### CK's main items

- holidays coming up
    - 24 december 2019 meeting not happening (next meerting will be 7 january 2020)
        - Will probably have a lot to discuss re: registration/ticket prices, program
    - Sub-committees should look at their calendar to finalise schedule since this will be the last meeting for the year
    - **make sure to get all necessary communications and comments in so folks can use their holiday time effectively**
- 2 subcommittee pieces are ready
    - Sponsorship is ready
        -  Form for finanacial aid should be going out this week, blogs on finanacial aid and accessiblity will be posted by the Website Sub-committee
    - Financial Aid is ready
        - Budget sub-committee to get in touch with website to communicate sponsorship information (also double check that it's correct on the website)

#### Program discussion

- From before the meeting: 
    - Bianca: Jessica Upani drafted rubric for keynote speakers here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XVp2w4N0tnSrahQ3_gRE-0oiJlXDUtb-/view?usp=sharing 
        - Waiting for rest of SC members to change/approve
        - Was supposed to be finalised by end of November
    - By end of this month: 
        - Evaluate and accept keynote submissions; 
        - send confirmation letter to keynote speakers; 
        - develop rubric for accepting lightning talk / poster presenters; 
        - develop rubric for session speakers (skill-ups, workshops, breakouts)
    - Waiting for Budget SC to confirm whether we can use (a.k.a. afford) Sched for the program - will embed on the website if yes. If not, we need to find another platform for the program.
- Meeting notes: 
    a. keynote speakers need to be finalized (delayed)
    b. Needs to accept the various speakers and session contributors / lightning talks and posters are separate
    c. Life issues are getting hectic
    d. waiting for feedback from budget subcommittee
    e. Silvia's question: Maybe Aleks has draft text from last year that can be used (rubric) for keynote speaker?
    f. Main categories for keynote rubric defined in this googledoc : https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XVp2w4N0tnSrahQ3_gRE-0oiJlXDUtb-/view
    g. Ouso asked how written it needs to be / but the question still stands about how to choose (and how streamlined the rubric can be)
    h. How much research should be engaged in to dig into each keynote possibility? 
    i. Bianca will send out an e-mail with information about what is needed and what she needs
    j. Trying to figure out who best to run the keynote process
    k. Bianca alludes to the summer school rubric and issues of conflict of interest that may arise of the community of reviews gets too large
    l. Bianca asks how to recruit reviewers (how to deal with the numbers that may submit their names)
    m. CK says she will send a follow up e-mail today (10 December 2019)

#### Outreach/website: 

    a. Sarah Stevens: working on website as requested
    b. developing accomodations page (not live yet) --> Christina: Venue/travel information available on the website https://2020.carpentrycon.org/venue/!! Look at the map Aleks made for the accommodation options. :DDD
    c. 'ditto' for the local arrangements (dorms are responding slowly)
    d. Contracts and things coming together (20 persons must stay in order to avoid paying higher rate)
    e. Ouso: Inconsistencies on the website with information that has gone out in other modes
    f. Asks that the website be looked at closely for these inconsistencies
    g. Asking about budget for program stuff (sched) how to use it and embed on the website

#### Update from staff/co-chairs

Still looking at registration cost; have an estimate for budget "essentials" and plan for ticket pricing; budget committee will discuss further

### MISC

1. Suggests this is the final work week on CarpentryCon 2020 work for 2019 and that e-mails should be used to communicate directly with each subcommittee (to avoid 'spam')
1. Financial aid form is complete and needs reviewed : https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3vWlTy79TXAboT6VPElllq6ggYsSEb5QairmhU01kOHD_Dg/viewform
1. Registration form and finAid form going out very closely to each other
    
### Action points

  - Bianca: email program committee about keynote selection work
  - Christina: send out notes to task force, ask for keynote wrangling/review volunteers
  - E.Wickes: email executive council for keynote reviewers
  - Budget committee: communicate sponsorship information to website/communication
  - Budget committee?: check website to make sure sponsorship information is 100% correct
  - Christina/Sarah: confirm accommodation and venue information on website

### Next call

Our next call, currently planned for Tuesday, January 7. 

Please see the connection information on the etherpad: https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce
